Improve documentation and guidelines (#186)
Ekumen-OS/beluga: .github/pull_request_template.md

### Proposed changes

_Describe the big picture of your changes here to communicate to the maintainers why we should accept this pull request.
If it fixes a bug or resolves a feature request, be sure to link to that issue._

#### Type of change

- [ ] 🐛 Bugfix (change which fixes an issue)
- [ ] 🚀 Feature (change which adds functionality)
- [ ] 📚 Documentation (change which fixes or extends documentation)

> 💥 **Breaking change!** _Explain why a non-backwards compatible change is necessary or remove this line entirely if not applicable._

Author: I'd prefer not to have a checkbox as it requires an explanation.
Do you have any suggestions to improve it? It seems clear to me.

> 💥 **Breaking change!** _Explain why a non-backwards compatible change is necessary or remove this line entirely if not applicable._

Reviewer: Feel free to ignore:
```suggestion
💥 **Is this a change that can break compatibility for other users?** _If the answer is yes, please elaborate about why a non-backwards compatible change is necessary._
```

Author: I'll ignore this one, I like the current version :man_shrugging:.
